Add detailed installer docs (#220)
weaveworks/profiles: userdocs/profiles.dev/docs/installer-docs/removing-profiles.md

---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Removing profiles

To uninstall any profile from your cluster, just remove the directory from your
GitOps repo.

> After you PR and merge the change, Flux will sync your changes and the profile will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you approve and merge the PR, Flux will sync the changes and the profile will
```

> no longer be running in your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will no longer be running in your cluster.
```
